# CIS1051finalproject

For our final project, we set out to create a vaccine forecaster website. Essentially our website allows Philadelphia residents ages 19 and up to upload their Immunization Record from the Philadelphia Department of Public Health and receive customized recommendations for vaccines they need to follow up on. To execute our goal, we wrote code that reads the users pdf file and gets the users age. If the user is under the age of  19, they are notified that our service will not work for them. Nineteen was the cutoff age selected because the Adult Immunization Schedule outlined by the CDC, which we based our recommendations on, is for adults ages 19 and older. After our program verifies that the user is at least 19 years old, it uses a CSV file (converted from the PDF file) to go through the vaccines the patient has in their record. We wrote additional code to ensure the CSV file is formatted correctly, with no odd spaces or indentation. Once the CSV file is appropriately formatted, our code appends the relevant fields in the CSV file to appropriate new lists. It then uses those lists to determine the highest dose number of each vaccine given (except for Flu and Tdap, for which recommendations are dependent on time frame and not amount of doses) and writes out the appropriate recommendations to a text file. For Flu and Tdap, our code determines the number of days between the current date and the date of the vaccine received, and prints out a recommendation based on the amount of time that has passed. We used HTML to develop the website, which includes a home page, a drop down menu where the patient can click to upload their immunization record, and where the patient can then download their results as a .txt file. Additionally, the website features a page to learn more about the different viruses that recommended vaccines protect against. 

To see the code that determines the users age and writes the appropriate vaccine recommendations, go to the github file titled Code for final project. 
To see the code that cleans up the CSV file, go to the github titled cleaned up code.
